Update getting started guide & add screenshot (#43)
mne-tools/mne-qt-browser: README.md

```
conda install -c conda-forge mne-base matplotlib mne-qt-browser
```

## Usage

In the following example, we'll read M/EEG data from the MNE `sample` dataset
and plot it using the `mne-qt-browser`.

```python
from pathlib import Path
import mne

sample_dir = mne.datasets.sample.data_path()
raw_path = Path(sample_dir) / 'MEG' / 'sample' / 'sample_audvis_raw.fif'
raw = mne.io.read_raw(raw_path)

mne.viz.set_browser_backend('pyqtgraph')  # Enable mne-qt-browser backend
raw.plot(block=True)
```

If the plot is not showing, search for solutions in the
[troubleshooting](#troubleshooting) section below.

> This will use the `mne-qt-browser` for the current Python session. If you
> want to make this change permanent so you don't have to use the
> `set_browser_backend()` anymore, run the following line to modify your MNE
> configuration file:

Author: ```suggestion
This will use the `mne-qt-browser` for the current Python session. If you
want to make this change permanent so you don't have to use the
`set_browser_backend()` each time after restarting Python, run the following
line to modify your MNE configuration file:
```
